So till now, we have covered all the items in the form as the select size, the number of glasses,
the selections of menu items in the form of a new model.
Now our next concern should be adding button, so add an order in order to make and those items to our
site or to check out from the card and confirm our orders.
So we will be adding our button and holding this as we plan, and this is going to be a new J button.
And inside this work on the string that is going to be displayed on the button Nisan.
So call it that an item and item is going to be the size like the string displayed on the back then.
Now, in the similar way, we have the set size and location.
So I am going to copy this from hell and paste it here, and I'll just change this glass.
So and so adding this button, setting its size and location, and then far to settle.
Like our dedicated size and location for this button is very important.
So changing the size 200 and suppose to 30 from the left.
OK, so we have added this is a potential label and should be replaced with Raytheon.
And there's also methane.
So we have added this add button to our frame.
This is that Martin, which that currently adding now our next concern is adding on their button to
the frame.
So in this new military, we will be adding the order, but then also so pasting this and just changing
the name and the size is going to be the same, but the difference is going to be in the.
Like this distance from the Alaska border, so suppose all the above one was a hundred from the left,
so it should be supposed to be from the left and OK, so this is going to be.
So all we have seen one thing in the beginning or we have to first place this order in order to make
them.
Dedicated for suggest pressing and as long as we have this narrative.
So you do not have to.
Called Typekit again and again, so you have this or that, but then so one thing I was talking about
that by default in the initiative in the resource sector was that like disabled.
So this order button was disabled in the beginning to get it back down.
So we have to set this on button so disabled by default.
So.
This is going to be built in order and we have to set it all like disabled.
So said.
Enable and be a Boolean input, which it takes, this certain inverted function takes more inputs.
So setting this move into force.
And this has made us possible for disabling the button by default in the beginning.
So we will be adding functions in order to make this button enable in future, and we will be adding
code responsible to back those off now so that we have added these select size radio back then selection
option.
These input text field, which will be asking for the number of nurses and as the last days we have
added, add button and order button lower frames.
Now, one more thing which is being displayed in the form is the number of items which we have added
along with the add ons.
So the code responsible for that is this.
Basically, we are calling this as LV End report, which is giving us the report of the items which
we have ordered.
So basically, it is not a like log of what is being ordered throughout in that step that specific steps.
So after each order, this label will appear like unique label will appear after each a unique ordering.
And I suppose we have ordered the order.
So that will appear also again.
If the order be, then a different report will appear that we have ordered the supposed to million glasses
of tea.
So this report is responsible for that part of the form and after which we have said the size and location
for that also.
So by far, we have completed all the things associated with this label class.
Now we have to add actions inside this.
So in order to add actions, actual listeners to everyday, but then they do, but then add combo boxes
and everything.
We have to write code inside this action perform function.
So in order to attach actions, firstly, we have to create classes for the rest of the requisites for
this application.
So add in the prototype part.
We have discussed that as a whole.
We will be requiring six classes in this project.
So the second class, which is concerned with this label class like these two are attached.
So creating a new class, calling it beverage, dark java and our class beverage is being created.
So this beverage class is going to be responsible for the size, the prizes of the items in the menu
and the amount of the items, like how many items we have ordered and what is the total cost of the
whole cost items summed up as a whole and everything attached a size price and amount is going to be
a response in this class is being responsible for those things.
So initializing some global animals, which are going to be required for this class creation, this
size and similarly size and amount so private on the size is going to be an integer.
So sorry, the amount is going to be the integer.
So into my own and then private or double prize or prize could be our decimal also.
So we are declaring this as double data type.
So size, amount and price.
We have Duignan now.
After this creation of the beverage class, we have to create a constructor which is going to contain
the beverage object.
So beverage and the argument inside this is going to be the size and one more the amount.
So its size and the amount.
Are going to be the.
An argument for this constructor.
OK, so we have passed the argument successfully now inside this beverage object.
So part is going to be the dito's.
So initially there is no title for the beverage frame, so we are leaving this as empty after this.
This northside is going to set the bus size, so this game is responsible for accessing the objects
from, like private objects from class.
So we are using this given the floor amount and size.
So we have been successfully accessed the size and the amount of damage.
Initially, it applies totally zero as initially we have nothing ordered in the car.
So setting it up 0.0 0.0 is neutral that the is the entire declaration we have made.
So the prize is initially zero.
Now after this, we have to create all functions for get size, set size like we have to use, get them
set the methods for setting the size an amount.
Also, it applies.
We have three things, so we have to set and get all three of them.
These three are declared as a private access specified in the class of globally.
So in order to access those private objects, we have to use that guest and set keywords in our midst
will be responsible for accessing all of them.
So suppose I am using public string as the size.
It is strings, so get size.
That size, I am going to call.
And a rocket.
So this getting my TARDIS gone, which is going to return the size.
So we have successfully did this get a of size?
Now, in the similar way, in order to update the size, we are using the settlement, so said the size
is going to be responsible for updating the size of the items, which we are ordering through that application.
So this is like using size as that human.
And inside this, yeah, we have to like access the size.
So this large size should be accessed in order to make any update to the size and after like setting
the size, we will get this size with the help of that size matter.
So we are done with this size by now.
In the similar way, we will do this for the eyes and amount.
So let me copied this part and pasted two more times to set it for price and amount case or possibly
changing this get size to get.
Price, yes.
So and the prices double short, changing it to double has.
OK, so this will return the prize, and this year the mantle will return the prize.
Also setting the prize.
And this is our third double double.
OK, so we're done with this.
Now, after this doing this for OK, so we have to change this also rise.
And this dark price.
So the nice part is also done now for the amount, so the amount is data integer, so we have to call
it as in and then they turned them down.
Now Montazeri, don't you think using this get method all for Java?
Similarly, set amount.
Like to build the amount we have to.
Changes to wind.
And this is going to be responsible for updating the amount.
Also, we have to change this size had also inserted supplies.
So we are done just changing the carers.
And similarly here.
OK, so we have successfully get and said all three of the object major declared inside this beverage
class.